Terms and Conditions

These terms and conditions, as may be amended from time to time, apply to all our services directly or indirectly (and/or through distributors) made available online, through any mobile device, by email or by telephone. By accessing, browsing and using our website or any of our applications through whatever platform (hereafter collectively referred to as the "website") and/or by completing a reservation, you acknowledge and agree to have read, understood and agreed to the terms and conditions set out below (including the privacy statement).

These pages, the content and infrastructure of these pages, and the online accommodations reservation service provided on these pages and through the website (the "service") are owned, operated and provided by G.H.O.S.T. & Soft company, GHOST S/W, in’ Application ("GHOST", "us", "we" or "our") and are provided for your personal, non-commercial use only, subject to the terms and conditions set out below.


1. Scope of our Service

Through the website, we (GHOST and its affiliate partners) provide an online platform through which all types of temporary accommodations (for example hotels, motels, hostels, guest house, and bed & breakfasts, collectively the "accommodation(s)"), can advertise their rooms for reservation, can use managerial information and systematic tools to manage of any type of accommodations, and through which visitors to the website can make such reservations. By making a reservation through GHOST, you enter into a direct (legally binding) contractual relationship with the accommodation provider at which you book. From the point at which you make your reservation, we act solely as an intermediary between you and the provider, transmitting the details of your reservation to the relevant accommodation provider and sending you confirmation information for and on behalf of the accommodation provider. To managers, we provide managerial tools, systems, research and analysis, and information.

When rendering our services, the information that we disclose is based on the information provided to us by accommodation providers. As such, the accommodation providers are given access to an extranet through which they are fully responsible for updating all rates, availability and other information which is displayed on our website. Although we will use reasonable skill and care in performing our services we will not verify if, and cannot guarantee that, all information is accurate, complete or correct, nor can we be held responsible for any errors (including manifest and typographical errors), any interruptions (whether due to any (temporary and/or partial) breakdown, repair, upgrade or maintenance of our website or otherwise), inaccurate, misleading or untrue information or non-delivery of information. Each accommodation provider remains responsible at all times for the accuracy, completeness and correctness of the (descriptive) information (including the rates and availability) displayed on our website. Our website does not constitute and should not be regarded as a recommendation or endorsement of the quality, service level, qualification or (star) rating of any accommodations made available.

Our services are made available for personal and non-commercial use only. Therefore, you are not allowed to re-sell, deep-link, use, copy, monitor (e.g. spider, scrape), display, download or reproduce any content or information, software, products or services available on our website for any commercial or competitive activity or purpose.


2. Privacy and Cookies

GHOST respects your privacy. 

a.	Privacy and Cookies

Your privacy is important to us. We value your trust and are committed to protecting and safeguarding any personal information you give us. This document, which we update from time to time, describes how we use and process your personal data and how we use cookies. It also tells you how you can contact us if you have questions about your personal information.

GHOST provides online travel services and managerial systems and information through its websites and mobile apps and through other online platforms such as partners’ websites and social media. The information that follows applies to all of these platforms.

b.	Privacy

What kind of personal information does GHOST use?

When you make a reservation, you'll be asked for, but not limited to, your name, address, telephone number, email address, payment details, the names of guests traveling with you and your preferences for your stay.
To make it easier to manage your reservations, you can open a user account. This allows you to save your personal settings, review previous bookings and manage future reservations.
When you visit our website, even if you don't make a reservation, we may collect certain information, like your IP address, or browser, and information about your computer’s operating system, application version, language settings and pages that have been shown to you. If you are using a mobile device, we might also collect data that identifies your mobile device, device-specific settings and characteristics and latitude/longitude details. We might also calculate and process data related to the type of apps installed on a mobile device, such as the name of the app, an app description and the category it belongs to. None of this information alone will be able to tell us who you are, but it can still considered to be "personal" information.
We may also receive information about you when you use certain social media services.

Why does GHOST collect, use and share your personal details?

•	Reservations: First and foremost, we use your personal information to complete and administer your online reservation and forward your reservation details to the accommodation you have booked.
•	Customer service: We will provide international customer service 24/7 from our local offices in more than 20 languages. Sharing your details with our global customer service allows for a quick response when you need us – including helping you find an appropriate accommodation and any questions you might have about your reservation.
•	Account administration: We offer a user account facility on our website. We use the information you give us to administer this, allowing you to manage your bookings, take advantage of special offers, make future reservations more easily, manage your personal settings, and review accommodations that you previously searched.
•	Guest reviews: We may use your contact information to invite you to write a guest review after your stay. This can help other travelers choose a place to stay that suits them best.
•	Marketing activities: We also use your information for marketing activities, as permitted by law. For example:
	When you make a reservation with us or set up a user account, we may use your contact information to send you news about similar travel-related products and services. We also send our customers regular newsletters by email. You can opt out, or unsubscribe, from marketing communication at any time.
	Based on the information you share with us, individualized offers may be shown to you on the GHOST website, in mobile apps or on third-party websites, including social media sites.
	When we believe that a particular offer may be of interest to you, we may decide to make contact with you by phone.
•	Other communications: There may be other times when we get in touch by email, by post, by phone or by texting you, depending on the contact information you share with us. There could be a number of reasons for this:
	We may need to respond to and handle requests you have made.
	If you haven't finalized a reservation online, we may email you a reminder to continue with your reservation. We believe that this additional service is useful to you because it allows you to carry on with a reservation without having to search for the accommodation again or fill in all the reservation details from scratch.
	When you use our services, we may send you a questionnaire or invite you to provide a review about your experience with GHOST.
	We may also send you other material related to your reservation, such as how to contact GHOST if you need assistance while you're away, or a summary of previous reservations you made using GHOST.
•	Market research: We sometimes ask our customers to take part in market research. Any additional personal details that you give us as part of the market research will only be used with your consent.
•	Fraud detection and prevention: We may use personal information for the detection and prevention of fraud and other illegal or unwanted activities.
•	Improving our services: Finally, we use personal information for analytical purposes, to improve our services, enhance the user experience, and improve the functionality and quality of our online travel services.

How does GHOST use social media?

We use social media to promote our accommodation partners’ properties and to promote, improve and facilitate our own services. For example, we integrated social media plugins into the GHOST website. So when you click on one of the buttons and register with your social media account, information is shared with your social media provider, and possibly presented on your social media profile to be shared with others in your network.
In addition to implementing these buttons, GHOST uses social media by maintaining accounts on several social media sites and by offering social apps. These social media services may allow you to share information with GHOST. When you register with a social media app, you'll be told which information will be shared with GHOST. The information you choose to share with us may include the basic information that’s already available in your social media profile, email address, status updates and your friends list. This information is necessary to create a unique user experience either in the app itself or on our website. It facilitates things like personalizing our website to suit your needs, connecting you with your friends on travel destinations and analyzing and enhancing our travel-related services.
We may also enable you to sign in to GHOST services with your social media accounts. Your social media provider will be able to tell you more about how they use and process your data in such cases.

How does GHOST share your data with third parties?

In certain circumstances, we may share your personal data with third parties:
•	The accommodation you booked: In order to complete your reservation, we need to transfer relevant reservation details to the accommodation you booked with. This may include information like your name, contact and payment details, the names of guests traveling with you and any preferences you specified when making a booking.
•	Other companies within the GHOST corporate family: In order to support you during the reservation process and throughout your stay, your details may be shared with subsidiaries of the GHOST corporate family. To find out more about the GHOST corporate family, visit About GHOST. Your information might also be used for analysis to provide you with travel-related offers that may be of interest to you and to offer you a customized service.
•	Third-party service providers: We may use third-party service providers to process your personal information on our behalf for the purposes specified above. For example, we may use service providers to send the reservation information on our behalf to the accommodation you just booked, or we may instruct third parties to contact you. When a reservation requires it, we may also work with third-party payment service providers to facilitate payment or payment guarantees. We also work with third-party advertisement networks to market our accommodation and services on other platforms, or involve third-party providers for analytical purposes. These third parties involved in any of these services will be bound by confidentiality agreements and will not be allowed to use your personal information for any purposes other than those specified above.
•	Our business partners: We work with partner websites around the world to distribute the accommodations listed on our website and mobile apps. When you make a reservation on one of these business partners’ websites, certain personal information that you give them may be shared with us. Similarly, we may share information with this business partner, for example, as part of the administration of your account, in order to manage your reservation, so that they can address queries related to your reservation and for marketing purposes. In this context, your information is governed by the privacy policies of these business partners.
•	Competent authorities: We may share your personal information with government or investigative authorities if we are required by law (or any regulation having the force of law) to do so. Such requirements include court orders, subpoenas and orders arising from legal processes and criminal investigations. We may also disclose your personal data if it is strictly necessary for the prevention, detection or prosecution of criminal acts.

How does GHOST use mobile devices?

We have free apps for a variety of mobile devices. These apps collect and process your personal details a similar way as our website does – and they also allow you to use location services to find hotels nearby.

How does GHOST use guest reviews?

After your stay at any accommodation booked through us, you'll be invited to submit a guest review. If you don’t want your name to show with your review, it can be displayed anonymously. By completing a guest review, you're agreeing that it can be displayed (as further described in our Terms and Conditions on, for example, the relevant property information page on our websites, in our mobile apps, in our social media accounts and in social apps, or on the website of the relevant property or on our business partner’s website, to inform other travelers about the quality and services of the property you stayed in.

c.	Cookies

What is a cookie?

A cookie is a small amount of data that a website places on your computer.

Why do websites use cookies?

Web pages have no memory. If you are surfing from page to page within a website, you will not be recognized as the same user across pages. Cookies enable your browser to be recognized by the website. So cookies are mainly used to remember the choices you have made – choices such as the language you prefer and the currency you use. They will also make sure you are recognized when you return to a website.

Do all cookies do the same thing?

No, there are different types of cookies and different ways of using them. Cookies can be categorized according to their function, their lifespan and according to who places them on a website.

How does GHOST use cookies?

We try to give our visitors an advanced and user-friendly website that adapts automatically to their needs and wishes. To achieve this, our website uses the following types of cookie:
•	Technical cookies: We use technical cookies to show you our website, to make it function correctly, create your user account, sign you in and manage your bookings. These technical cookies are absolutely necessary for our website to function properly.
•	Functional cookies: We also use functional cookies to remember your preferences and to help you use our website efficiently and effectively. For example, we remember your preferred currency and language, your searches and the property you viewed earlier. These functional cookies are not strictly necessary for the functioning of our website, but they add functionality for you and enhance your experience.
•	Analytics cookies: We use these cookies to gain insight on how our visitors use the website, to find out what works and what doesn't, to optimize and improve our website and to ensure we continue to be interesting and relevant. The data we gather includes which web pages you viewed, which referring/exit pages you entered and left from, which platform type you have used, date and time stamp information and details such as the number of clicks you make on a given page, your mouse movements and scrolling activity, the search words you use and the text you type while using our website.
•	Commercial cookies: We use these to show you GHOST advertisements on other websites. This is called “retargeting” and it aims to be based on the destinations you have been searching for and the property you have viewed.

How long do GHOST cookies stay active?

The cookies we use have varying life-spans. The maximum lifespan we set on some is five years from your last visit to our website. You can erase all cookies from your browser any time you want. 

How can you recognize GHOST cookies?

You can find our cookies in your browser settings.

Does GHOST use third-party cookies?

Yes, GHOST uses the services of trusted and recognized online advertising and marketing companies. GHOST may also use third-party providers for analytical purposes. To enable their services, these companies need to place cookies.
The providers we use are committed to building consumer awareness and establishing responsible business and data management practices and standards.
When it comes to online advertising and marketing companies, we strive to only work with companies that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and/or the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB). Members of NAI and IAB adhere to industry standards and codes of conduct. NAI and IAB members allow you to opt out of the behavioral advertising. Visit www.networkadvertising.org and www.youronlinechoices.com to identify the NAI members that may have placed an advertising cookie file on your computer. To opt out of an NAI or IAB member's behavioral advertising program, simply check the box that corresponds to the company from which you wish to opt out.
In order to control the collection of data for analytical purposes by Google Analytics, you may want to visit the following link: Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.

Who has access to GHOST cookie data?

Only GHOST has access to GHOST cookies. Cookies placed by third parties can be accessed by these third parties.

How can you manage your cookie preferences?

Using your browser settings in, for example, Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox or Chrome, you can set which cookies to accept and which to reject. Where you find these settings depends on which browser you use. Use the "Help" function in your browser to locate the settings you need.
If you choose not to accept certain cookies, you may not be able to use some functions on our website. Plus, opting out of an online advertising network doesn't mean that you won't receive or be subject to online advertising or marketing analysis. It means that the network you opted out of will no longer deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and browsing patterns.

Does GHOST use web beacons?

In addition to using cookies, GHOST sometimes uses web beacons. A web beacon is a tiny graphic image of just one pixel that’s delivered to your computer either as part of a web page request or in an HTML email message. Either directly or through service providers, we use these pixels as part of our online advertisements either on our website or on third-party websites to learn whether a user who is being shown an online advertisement also makes a reservation; to track conversion with partner websites and to analyze a user's traffic patterns in order to optimize the travel-related services we bring to you.

d.	Security

What security procedures does GHOST put in place to safeguard your personal information?

In accordance with Republic of Korea data protection laws, we observe reasonable procedures to prevent unauthorized access and the misuse of personal information.
We use appropriate business systems and procedures to protect and safeguard the personal information you give us. We also use security procedures and technical and physical restrictions for accessing and using the personal information on our servers. Only authorized personnel are permitted to access personal information in the course of their work.
Your credit card details – when they are needed as part of the reservation process – are stored for a maximum of 10 days. After that, your credit card data will be either permanently deleted from our systems or will remain hashed in our system for fraud detection purposes. This is unless you have chosen to store your credit card details in your personal account.

e.	Children

The services offered by GHOST are not directed at children under the age of 18. The use of any of our services is only allowed with the valid consent of a parent or a guardian. When we receive information from a child under the age of 18, we reserve the right to delete it.

f.	Contact

How can you control the personal information you have given to GHOST?

You always have the right to review the personal information we keep about you. You can request an overview of your personal data by emailing us at customer.service@GHOST . Please write "Request personal information" in the subject line of your email and include a copy of your identity card to help us prevent unauthorized individuals from accessing your personal data.
If the personal information we have for you is incorrect, we will update it at your request. You can also ask us to remove your personal data from our customer database by sending an email to customer.service@GHOST  with “Request for removal of personal information” in the subject line. However, we may need to retain certain information, for example, for legal or administrative purposes, such as record keeping or to detect fraudulent activities. You can delete your user account at any time by signing into your account on the GHOST website and choosing to remove your account.

Who is responsible for the processing of personal information on the GHOST website and apps?

GHOST controls the processing of personal information on its websites and mobile apps. GHOST is a C-Corporation company, incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Korea and has its offices at 서울특별시 관악구 낙성대동 서울대학교연구공원 SK 텔레콤 연구소 1층 . If you have any suggestions or comments about this privacy notice, please send an email to customer.service@GHOST .


3. Credit Card

Hotels require credit card details in order to guarantee your reservation. As such, we will send your credit card information directly to the hotel at which your booking is made and we may verify (i.e. pre-authorize) your credit card as well. In order to safeguard and encrypt your credit card information when in transit to us, we use the "Secure Socket Layer (SSL)" technology for our services.
For certain rates or special offers, please note that your credit card may be pre-authorized or charged (sometimes without any option for refund) upon reservation and confirmation of the booking. Please check the room details thoroughly for any such conditions prior to making your reservation.
In the event of credit card fraud or unauthorized use of your credit card by third parties, most banks and credit card companies bear the risk and cover all the charges resulting from such fraud or misuse, which may sometimes be subject to a deductible. Please make sure that you report this fraud to your credit card provider (in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures) and contact us immediately by email (customer.relations@GHOST ). Please state 'credit card fraud' in the subject line of your email and provide us with evidence of the charged deductible (e.g. policy of the credit card company). 


4. Cancellation

By making a reservation with an accommodation provider, you accept and agree to the relevant cancellation and no-show policy of that accommodation provider, and to any additional (delivery) terms and conditions of the accommodation provider that may apply to your reservation or during your stay, including for services rendered and/or products offered by the accommodation provider (the delivery terms and conditions of an accommodation provider can be obtained with the relevant accommodation provider). The general cancellation and no-show policy of each accommodation provider is made available on our website on the property information pages, during the reservation procedure and in the confirmation email. Please note that certain rates or special offers are not eligible for cancellation or change. Please check the room details thoroughly for any such conditions prior to making your reservation.
If you would like to review, adjust or cancel your reservation, please revert to the confirmation email and follow the instructions therein. Please note that you may be charged for your cancellation in accordance with the accommodation provider’s cancellation and no-show policy. We recommend that you read the cancellation and no-show policy of the accommodation provider carefully prior to making your reservation.


5. Further Correspondence

By completing a booking, you agree to receive (i) an email which we may send you shortly prior to your arrival date, giving you information on your destination and providing you with certain information and offers (including third party offers to the extent that you have actively opted in for this information) relevant to your reservation and destination, and (ii) an email which we may send to you promptly after your stay inviting you to complete our guest review form. Please see our privacy and cookies policy for more information about how we may contact you.


6. Ranking and Guest Reviews

The default setting of the ranking of accommodation providers on our website is "Recommended" (or any similar wording) (the "Default Ranking"). For your convenience, we also offer other ways to rank the accommodation providers. Please note that the Default Ranking is created through a fully automated ranking system (algorithm) and is based on multiple criteria.
The completed guest review may be (a) uploaded onto the relevant property's information page on our website for the sole purpose of informing (future) customers of your opinion of the service (level) and quality of the accommodations, and (b) (wholly or partly) used and placed by GHOST at its sole discretion (e.g. for marketing, promotion or improvement of our service) on our website or such social media platforms, newsletters, special promotions, apps or other channels owned, hosted, used or controlled by GHOST. We reserve the right to adjust, refuse or remove reviews at our sole discretion. The guest review form should be regarded as a survey and does not include any (further commercial) offers, invitations or incentives whatsoever.


7. Disclaimer

Subject to the limitations set out in these terms and conditions and to the extent permitted by law, we shall only be liable for direct damages actually suffered, paid or incurred by you due to an attributable shortcoming of our obligations in respect to our services, up to an aggregate amount of the aggregate cost of your reservation as set out in the confirmation email (whether for one event or series of connected events).
However and to the extent permitted by law, neither we nor any of our officers, directors, employees, representatives, subsidiaries, affiliated companies, distributors, affiliate (distribution) partners, licensees, agents or others involved in creating, sponsoring, promoting, or otherwise making available the site and its contents shall be liable for (i) any punitive, special, indirect or consequential loss or damages, any loss of production, loss of profit, loss of revenue, loss of contract, loss of or damage to goodwill or reputation, loss of claim, (ii) any inaccuracy relating to the (descriptive) information (including rates, availability and ratings) of the accommodation as made available on our website, (iii) the services rendered or the products offered by the accommodation provider, (iv) any (direct, indirect, consequential or punitive) damages, losses or costs suffered, incurred or paid by you, pursuant to, arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use or delay of our website, or (v) for any (personal) injury, death, property damage, or other (direct, indirect, special, consequential or punitive) damages, losses or costs suffered, incurred or paid by you, whether due to (legal) acts, errors, breaches, (gross) negligence, willful misconduct, omissions, non-performance, misrepresentations, tort or strict liability by or (wholly or partly) attributable to the accommodation (its employees, directors, officers, agents, representatives or affiliated companies), including any (partial) cancellation, overbooking, strike, force majeure or any other event beyond our control.


8. Intellectual property rights

Unless stated otherwise, the software required for our services or available on or used by our website and the intellectual property rights (including the copyrights) of the contents and information of and material on our website are owned by GHOST, its suppliers or providers.
GHOST exclusively retains ownership of all rights, title and interest in and to (all intellectual property rights of) (the look and feel (including infrastructure) of) the website on which the service is made available (including the guest reviews and translated content) and you are not entitled to copy, scrape, (hyper-/deep)link to, publish, promote, market, integrate, utilize, combine or otherwise use the content (including any translations thereof and the guest reviews) or our brand without our express written permission. To the extent that you would (wholly or partly) use or combine our (translated) content (including guest reviews) or would otherwise own any intellectual property rights in the website or any (translated) content or guest reviews, you hereby assign, transfer and set over all such intellectual property rights to GHOST. Any unlawful use or any of the aforementioned actions or behavior will constitute a material infringement of our intellectual property rights (including copyright and database right).


9. Miscellaneous

To the extent permitted by law, these terms and conditions and the provision of our services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Republic of Korea’s law and any dispute arising out of these general terms and conditions and our services shall exclusively be submitted to the competent courts in Seoul, the Republic of Korea.
The original English version of these terms and conditions may have been translated into other languages. The translated version is a courtesy and office translation only and you cannot derive any rights from the translated version. In the event of a dispute about the contents or interpretation of these terms and conditions or inconsistency or discrepancy between the English version and any other language version of these terms and conditions, the English language version to the extent permitted by law shall apply, prevail and be conclusive. The English version is available on our website (by selecting English language) or shall be sent to you upon your written request.
If any provision of these terms and conditions is or becomes invalid, unenforceable or non-binding, you shall remain bound by all other provisions hereof. In such event, such invalid provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and you will at least agree to accept a similar effect as the invalid, unenforceable or non-binding provision, given the contents and purpose of these terms and conditions.


10. About GHOST and the support companies

The online accommodation reservation service is rendered by GHOST, which is a C-Corporation company, incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Korea and having its offices at 서울특별시 관악구 낙성대동 서울대학교연구공원 SK 텔레콤 연구소 1층  and registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce in Seoul under registration number xxxxxxxxxxx . 
GHOST has its headquarters in Seoul, Republic of Korea and is supported by various affiliated group companies (the "support companies") throughout the world. The support companies only provide an internal supporting role to and for the benefit of GHOST. Certain designated support companies render limited customer care support services (only by telephone). The support companies may not have any website (and do not in any way control, manage, maintain or host the website). The support companies do not have any power or authority to render the service, to represent GHOST or to enter into any contract in the name of, for or on behalf of GHOST. You do not have a (legal or contractual) relationship with the support companies. The support companies do not operate and are not authorized to act as any form of process or service agent of GHOST. GHOST does not accept nor assume any domicile at any place, location or office in the world (also not at the office of its support companies), other than its registered office in Seoul.





